🔊 Add model updates v3.0 (#138)
The-Strategy-Unit/nhp_project_information: project_plan_and_summary/model_updates.qmd

---

# Update 2024/11/13

## v3.0

This update is a major release.

> The reason that it is a major release is that the pipeline for data pre-processing has been migrated from SQL to Databricks.The new data pre-processing scripts are available in the public repository [nhp_data](https://github.com/The-Strategy-Unit/nhp_data). This repository supersedes the [nhp_sql](https://github.com/The-Strategy-Unit/nhp_sql) repositiory which will be publically archived and no longer maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason that it is a major release is that the pipeline for data pre-processing has been migrated from SQL to Databricks. The new data pre-processing scripts are available in the public repository [nhp_data](https://github.com/The-Strategy-Unit/nhp_data). This repository supersedes the [nhp_sql](https://github.com/The-Strategy-Unit/nhp_sql) repository which will be publicly archived and no longer maintained.
```

As part of migrating our data pre-processing, there are a number of changes to the data which are detailed in the [data log](../data_extraction/data_log.qmd).

### Other updates

> A&E data now includes A&E follow-up activity. This may mean that you seen larger numbers in A&E data in v3.0 onwards. The outputs app currently does not seperate out this activity, but it is available in the data downloads.

Author: ```suggestion
A&E data now includes A&E follow-up activity. This may mean that you see larger numbers in A&E data in v3.0 onwards. The outputs app currently does not seperate out this activity, but it is available in the data downloads.
```
